KONRAD - Kerbal Operations, Naughty Rockets, Aerial Debris

A telemachus control panel with a retro feel.  Built on curses technology.

Consoles
--------
konrad.py must always be run with a 'consname' argument, indicating which
console it should display.  So far we have the following:
* fd
    Flight Director.  Summarises key vehicle state.
    Inputs:
    - t/r/b/g for SAS/RCS/BRK/GEAR
    - space for staging
    - 1-9 and 0 for action groups
    - ! (shift-1) for Abort!  (NOTE!  Not the same key as in KSP!)
* traj
    Trajectory.  The guy who's steering probably wants this one.  If you want
    remote control, pass option --mj to enable MechJeb commands
    Inputs: < (retrograde) and > (prograde) control AoA gauge behaviour.  The
    rest are MechJeb commands:
    - P/R to select (orbital) Prograde or Retrograde hold
    - O/I to select Radial Plus ('O'utward) or Minus ('I'nward)
    - +/- to select Normal Plus or Minus
    - Enter to select Fixed (uses the Input Orientation PIT/HDG/RLL)
    - s/w to change Input PIT by ±10°; S/W for ±1°
    - d/a to change Input HDG by ±10°; D/A for ±1°
    - e/q to change Input RLL by ±10°; E/Q for ±1°
    - ? to copy current Orientation into Input Orientation
    A warning about Fixed mode: while the controls may appear to be the same
    as in-game, *they are not*!  For instance, if you are rolled 90° right,
    pressing 's' in KONRAD will effectively yaw left (same as pressing 'a' in-
    game), as that is what is required to increase your pitch.
* boost
    Booster.  Track remaining fuel and delta-V.
    Requires an accurate JSON Booster file, supplied with --booster.  See the
    section "JSON Booster" below for more information.
    Inputs:
    - x to cut throttle
    - 1-9 for 10-90% throttle
    - z for 100% throttle
    - space for staging

Global Inputs
-------------
The following inputs are recognised by any console:
- Ctrl-X to exit

Useful Notes
------------
There are two kinds of FractionGauge: Mode 3 and Mode 2.  (Naturally.)
Mode 3 gauges simply fill up from left to right, mostly green, with red and
yellow denoting a 1/3 and 2/3 filled block respectively.  They are used either
where an overshoot is physically impossible (e.g. >100% fuel reserve) or for
angle gauges, where the values wrap around (and may become negative; these
gauges will use the absolute value in this situation).
Mode 2 gauges are used when there is an (implicit or explicit) target for the
value being displayed (e.g. altitude, apsides or velocity).  These gauges also
fill up with green, with yellow denoting a 1/2 block.  However, once they
overshoot the target, they 'bounce off' the end in red.  So a bar 3/4 green and
the rest red indicates a value 125% of the target.

Because Telemachus won't give us the bodyID (only its name), KONRAD has to be
told it by the user (-b option, defaults to 1).  If the current body name does
not match the name retrieved for the bodyID, KONRAD will warn the user, showing
a value of <current>!<expected> in the BodyGauge (and pushing a "Change Body"
message to the status line).  In this situation, calculated values such as the
target orbital velocity will be bogus.

JSON Booster
------------
A way of telling KONRAD some things about your rocket that it can't get from
the telemetry.  The information is specified in JSON format, according to the
following layout:
The top-level item is a Booster, which consists of a list of Stages.
A Stage is a dictionary, with the following items:
  "props": list of Propellants
  "isp": main engine Isp in seconds
  "dry": stage dry mass in tons
A Propellant is a dictionary, with the following items:
  "name": the KSP resource name of the propellant
  "volume": the volume of the tank (this is in litres if using RealismOverhaul)
  "density": the propellant density.  Look in resource files for this
  "mainEngine": optional boolean (defaults to true) indicating whether this
                 propellant is consumed by the main engine (and is thus part of
                 the interpretation of the Isp figure)
Some examples are in the test/ directory:
* WAC.  Three TinyTim boosters and an Aerobee sustainer.
* AtlasAgena.  An Agena-D (with hydrazine RCS) on an Atlas SLV-3.  This example
   exhibits one of the main limitations of the format: it can't comprehend
   Atlas-style parallel staging.  But that's OK, because there's no way for us
   to figure out from the telemetry whether the booster engines have been
   dropped _anyway_, as Telemachus won't give us staging information directly -
   we have to deduce it by noticing that tanks have been dropped, which of
   course doesn't work for Atlas.

As it's somewhat annoying to have to go and look up the densities for all your
propellants, it would be nice to have a way to export these densities - or
better yet, an entire JSON Booster specification - from the game.  That's
something I plan to look into in the not-too-distant future.
